hey guys this is John your GMC go to god
Harry Robinson and Fort Smith Arkansas
we're inside the 15 Canyon this is a new
body Canyon that's come out this is a
beautiful truck big upgrade from the
previous generation I did a video a few
days ago on the exterior a little bit on
the interior and I had a customer asked
about the infotainment Center wanted to
go a little bit over that so we would
call this the tech version of test drive
Tuesday anyways this is the same screen
that's in the Sierras it's an upgraded
system this actually is a mid-year
change so the software is a little bit
different so if you have a 14 Sierra you
might notice a couple icons that's a
little different what we're going to do
is we're gonna start at this home button
that home button is what you'll use a
lot to get out of stuff that you don't
know yet you're into if you're in a page
that you don't know how to get out of
that home button will always bring you
to this screen anyways you've got this
is a touchscreen so you've got icons
across here it's kind of like an iPhone
or smartphone audio button right here is
going to take it to where whatever's
playing fm/am axiom if you have XM it's
always going to bring it to this and
then you've got your favorites across
the bottom right here and in order to
set a favorite you just press and hold
it until it beeps and then it will set
your station pretty easy to use
basically it's taken the older
generation and just make it into a more
elaborate touchscreen back to the home
button here your phone now this has got
bluetooth most of all the vehicles now
are going to have it this is how you
answer the phone and this is how you end
the call if you get a phone call if it's
paired up you can also press foam right
there and it'll get into like your
contact list and everything once it's
paired now this one's not paired so it's
not going to show anything but that's
how you use that option OnStar Neff
if you've got navigation this will just
say nav and if you press that it will
bring up your navigation screen
OnStar Neff is basically your your
turn-by-turn directions if you have
OnStar if you press that
then it will get ahold of your advisor
and then they'll ask you basically where
you want to go and then they'll download
it in here so that's what you would use
there your settings button is going to
go into the settings of the vehicle the
radio and everything else
Tom day just basically everything that
has to do with the settings of the
vehicle or the radio is in this area
right here backbone will always bring
you back one screen Pandora Pandora if
you got a Pandora account on your iPhone
then basically in order to use it you
have to have it plugged into the USB
port to use it but it syncs with your
Pandora account therefore you can listen
to it now keep in mind that if you don't
have Wi-Fi if you have a 15 that don't
have Wi-Fi or a 14 or down the Pandora
on your phone will use your data but if
you have Wi-Fi and the new 15s then you
could actually use your Wi-Fi and then
stream Pandora and not have to worry
about that on your phone OnStar
basically this is the same button as
what's up here on your mirror same thing
you press that to check your Wi-Fi
settings and virtual adviser everything
that the OnStar has to do with that and
then this is new for the new software
SMS text basically this pairs with
certain you know smartphones in order to
get text in and this will also read your
text for you so you can keep your eyes
on the road and not have to fumble your
phone or break the law by sitting there
texting while driving don't do that guys
anyways this is what you know that does
it actually reads your text to you and
then you can send out pre-loaded text
back like you know I'll get back with
you in a minute I'm driving or whatever
this will help you out with that so
that's new for the 15 I the mid-year
change some of the Buicks made your
change so if you don't have that that's
because that you have the trigger
previous generation software which I
expect them to have an update probably
here pretty soon for your stuff anyways
basically down here your radio will
change it between FM XM and AM it's like
a source media if you have something
plugged in like a USB port or so
and you know iPhone or anything plugged
in for your media you oppress the media
of course we went over home and back and
then fast-forward and rewind basically
that's if you're using your CD and you
can fast-forward rewind next everything
like that right here or if you use an
axiom you can actually rewind that XM
it's it's kind of cool little future and
then tone will change your tone settings
as far as the ready that goes volume
button toning button right here as far
as changing stations your power button
right here and the menu is going to
always bring in to basically your
settings if you're into or something say
you're an audio and then menu go tech
tagged songs tune select auto volume
basically everything that has to do with
what you're in menu will bring you there
so basically that's how that works
if you have any questions please get
ahold of me or James I will definitely
work everything out with you as far as
that goes if you have something you had
questions no matter if you didn't buy
from us or not give us a call we'll help
you out now I want to go over a little
bit more comparison inside here the fit
and finish of the new Canyon is
beautiful if you have or have test drove
a Nissan or you know Tacoma
and you know how cheap they are and
they're just not not real good what do
you think about the Tacoma and and the
Nissan now guys that was James he's our
other go-to guy anyways he's right this
is oh so plush everything is so nice and
here
you know stitching soft contours
everything is so much nicer yeah in this
truck then the competitors trucks you
guys need to come out test drive one of
these look for yourself
heck bring over a Tacoma right over if
you're in one just bring it over see
what the difference is I guarantee
you'll be living with us come and see us
guys thank you happy happy Tuesday
Tuesday good